Updating doc and syncing OS documentation (#97)
ansys/pyconverter-xml2py: doc/source/contributing/index.rst

The following contribution information is specific to PyConverter-XML2Py.

> Developper installation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Developer installation
```
Fixing the typo will get of the Vale error!

-----------------------

Follow these steps to install the package in developer mode:

#. Clone the repository:

    .. code:: bash

        git clone https://github.com/ansys/pyconverter-xml2py

#. Create a fresh-clean Python environment and activate it. If you require
   additional information on creation of a virtual environment, see the
   official Python `venv`_ documentation.

    .. tab-set::

      .. tab-item:: Linux
        :sync: linux

        ::

          python -m venv venv
          source venv/bin/activate

      .. tab-item:: macOS
        :sync: macos

        ::

          python -m venv venv
          source venv/bin/activate

      .. tab-item:: Windows
        :sync: windows

        ::

          python -m venv venv
          .\venv\Scripts\activate

#. Make sure you have the latest version of `pip`_:

    .. code:: bash

        python -m pip install -U pip

#. Install the project in editable mode:

    .. code:: bash

        python -m pip install -e .

#. Install additional requirements (if needed):

     .. code:: bash

        python -m pip install .[doc,tests]

> #. Verify your development installation:

Reviewer: Either make the concluding ":" a "." or add a code block?

    .. code:: bash

        pytest tests -v

Style and testing
-----------------

If required, you can call style commands (such as `black`_, `isort`_,
and `flake8`_) or unit testing commands (such as `pytest`_) from the command line.
However, this does not guarantee that your project is being tested in an isolated
environment, which is why you might consider using `tox`_.

Documentation
-------------

For building documentation, you can run the usual rules provided in the
`Sphinx`_ Makefile or make.bat:

.. tab-set::

  .. tab-item:: Makefile

    ::

      python -m pip install .[doc]
      make -C doc/ html

  .. tab-item:: make.bat

    ::

      python -m pip install .[doc]
      .\doc\make.bat html

> Once the documentation is built, you can open it as follow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the documentation is built, you can open it as follows.
```

.. tab-set::

  .. tab-item:: Linux
      :sync: linux

      By running the command: 
      ::

        your_browser_name doc/html/index.html

  .. tab-item:: macOS
      :sync: macos

>       By opening the documentation from your file explorer located in ``doc/html/index.html``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      By opening the documentation. Use your file explorer to go to and open ``doc/html/index.html``.
```
Is file explorer here used generically--and not a reference to Windows File Explorer, which would have initial capital letters to reflect the proper noun?

  .. tab-item:: Windows
      :sync: windows

>       By opening the documentation from your file explorer located in ``doc/html/index.html``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      By opening the documentation, which you do by going to the ``doc/html`` directory
      and opening the ``index.html`` file.
```

The following contribution information is specific to PyConverter-XML2Py.

Developer installation

> -----------------------

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
----------------------
```

Follow these steps to install the package in developer mode:

#. Clone the repository:

    .. code:: bash

>         git clone https://github.com/ansys/pyconverter-xml2py

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        git clone https://github.com/ansys/pyconverter-xml2py.git
```

#. Create a fresh-clean Python environment and activate it. If you require
   additional information on creation of a virtual environment, see the
   official Python `venv`_ documentation.

    .. tab-set::

      .. tab-item:: Linux
        :sync: linux

        ::

>           python -m venv venv

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
          python -m venv .venv
```

>           source venv/bin/activate

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
          source .venv/bin/activate
```

      .. tab-item:: macOS
        :sync: macos

        ::

>           python -m venv venv
>           source venv/bin/activate

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
          python -m venv .venv
          source .venv/bin/activate
```

      .. tab-item:: Windows
        :sync: windows

        ::

>           python -m venv venv
>           .\venv\Scripts\activate

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
          python -m venv .venv
          .\.venv\Scripts\activate
```

#. Make sure you have the latest version of `pip`_:

    .. code:: bash

        python -m pip install -U pip

#. Install the project in editable mode:

    .. code:: bash

        python -m pip install -e .

#. Install additional requirements (if needed):

     .. code:: bash

        python -m pip install .[doc,tests]

#. Verify your development installation:

    .. code:: bash

        pytest tests -v

Style and testing
-----------------

If required, you can call style commands (such as `black`_, `isort`_,
and `flake8`_) or unit testing commands (such as `pytest`_) from the command line.
However, this does not guarantee that your project is being tested in an isolated
environment, which is why you might consider using `tox`_.

Documentation
-------------

For building documentation, you can run the usual rules provided in the
`Sphinx`_ Makefile or make.bat:

.. tab-set::

  .. tab-item:: Makefile

    ::

      python -m pip install .[doc]

>       make -C doc/ html

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      make -C doc html
```
